# Why did I make this
When I started playing piano, I heard about a phenomena called perfect pitch. This is the ability to replicate and name the note of any consistent frequency. This is pretty cool because in combination with relative pitch (the ability to name notes of consistent frequencies based on the distance between them), you can hear any song and replicate it on an instrument. I would watch on youtube as people listen and can go back and play songs by ear. The app (APP) stands for acquired perfect pitch. Here is an example of perfect pitch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pkx64H0F9Rk. Here is a video of a high level of relative pitch without perfect pitch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuRtsGUQjxs (13:25 he hears the song request and listens to the song, 14:48 he starts palying it). So I wanted to be able to duplicate both of these people. 

# The theory that works
A friend suggested an approach that made alot of sense and works really well on developing the initlal stages of Perfect Pitch. There are 12 distinct notes in the chromatic equal temperament scale. If I learned how to associate the pitch names (C, C#, D, etc...) with the songs then I can remember the song when I hear the note. When this becomes second nature it is like perfect pitch. I managed to get to this level for hearing single notes and chords. Essentially you are rewiring your brain to rely on audio memory, which is hard for humans that don't speak tonal languages. It requires a good amount of effort but is very doable, I know multiple people besides my friend that did it. In this program when you guess the note wrong, a song will play for that note and when you hum this song to yourself and in your head you will build connections in your mind for the note name and songs. For this program I used wav files with the song so you will need that, I will put them in this repository. Or even better, you can choose your own songs and sub them in using a wav format.

# Packages needed
You can install any package using -pip install _______ (fill in the blank). The packages you need to check if you have are in the first 11 lines of the APP.py file. Some of them should already be on your computer.

# More programs to train your musical abilites
I have more programs that work on this ability including one that tests you on notes between different notes. (ex// between c and C#) So your working on hearing if a note is sharper or flatter than usual. Another one that tells you a note and then you have to sing that note to it to test how well your actually remember the note. And lastly one that plays multiple notes so that you can eventually attain the level of the guy in the perfect pitch video. 
